# global-hacks-7
Project developed at GH7

We have created a system that seamlessly integrates with existing technologies (NO NEW APPS to be installed/Websites to be accessed by immigrants) to help communities connect with each other across multiple technological platforms. Some communities use Whatsapp, some use Facebook (others use other social media platforms). The divide between communities is not only ideological, but also technological. The immigrant/Refugee communities are already hesitant to open up to the world, even to their sister communities. The system we have implemented enables one click sharing of data, news, events, cultural uniqueness beyond such social media platforms and beyond physical boundaries -
Based on preferences, an immigrant can get updates from all over the world, from all social platforms into the platform of their choice. Imagine a refugee from Africa getting information about benefits, getting to know experience of people from other corner of the country/world. Imagine an American person getting information about all cultural richness of various immigrant communities on platform of his/her preference. The cross platform nature of this system allows communities to reach out to other communities, plan out events, help finding jobs, and learn to appreaciate each other. Those who are not tech-savy can get all the data from Whatsapp, Facebook, Linkedin, etc via SMS or even via voice mails (In language of choice)!

Multi-Lingual helpline that can be accessed through ANY platform. Ask questions, talk about worries, seek advice/guidance, get doubts cleared by simply sending a whatsapp message. Same applies for Facebook, Messenger, Linkedin (Any social media platform) or even SMS/MMS and calls! The interaction with this system is super easy - Input can be either of text, speech, image that too in any language/dialect. Ask questions to get immediate answers from our AI. If AI is unable to answer, the queries are forwarded to 'Community leaders/Patrons'. Get answers in audio/text (Any language of choice), with answers being customized for hyper-local requirements. The entire system is completely anonymous - At no stage is data stored on computers or with human. If AI is unable to solve a query, the query is sent out into out social community (Via the across social media platform). Verified and trust worthy person is allowed to answer the queries. At no stage is the person helping aware of who he is helping (So as to secure identity of the immigrant)

Portal for organizations to gain insights into behaviors, demands and requirements of immigrants through interactive dashboard and visualizations. Data collected through the communities (Via our social platform and query answering engine) is anonymized and made available so that organizations can use it for making policies to help immigrants/refugees
